README.md, before:

# Password Generator

This is a pet project, might improve it some other time.
I just have these small ideas and decide to work on the thing and... ja

I am inspired by Frontend Mentor, if I am out of ideas I just go on in there and pick a challenge. It's fun 😊

Feel free to use the code however you want. Infact, you should actually write a better algorithm for generating the password,
I just patched it up and made it to work... Not so much of an algorithm really

## My Process

### Built with

- HTML5
- CSS
- JavaScript

### Continued Delevelopment

I was just thinking that the password generation part of this project makes a good candidate for TDD?
Maybe one day when I remember that this project exists, I will come back and try build the password generator using TDD.
I am familiar with the theory, I haven't had a chance to put it to practice but I am looking forward to it

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Lindo-Mlambo](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Lindo-Mlambo)
- Twitter - [@Lamboughs](https://www.twitter.com/Lamboughs)

## Helpful sources

- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_copy_clipboard.asp): JavaScript copy to clipboard functionality
- [impressivewebs](https://www.impressivewebs.com/onchange-vs-oninput-for-range-sliders/): Real-time value of the HTML5 range input as you slide

Commit message:

Update the readme file, include link to the password generator

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

This is a pet project, might improve it some other time.
I just have these small ideas and decide to work on the thing and... ja

I am inspired by Frontend Mentor, if I am out of ideas I just go on in there and pick a challenge. It's fun 😊

Feel free to use the code however you want. Infact, you should actually write a better algorithm for generating the password,
I just patched it up and made it to work... Not so much of an algorithm really

You can play with it here [Password Gen](https://lindo-mlambo.github.io/password-gen)

## My Process

### Built with

- HTML5
- CSS
- JavaScript

### Continued Delevelopment

I was just thinking that the password generation part of this project makes a good candidate for TDD?
Maybe one day when I remember that this project exists, I will come back and try build the password generator using TDD.
I am familiar with the theory, I haven't had a chance to put it to practice but I am looking forward to it

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Lindo-Mlambo](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Lindo-Mlambo)
- Twitter - [@Lamboughs](https://www.twitter.com/Lamboughs)

## Helpful sources

- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_copy_clipboard.asp): JavaScript copy to clipboard functionality
- [impressivewebs](https://www.impressivewebs.com/onchange-vs-oninput-for-range-sliders/): Real-time value of the HTML5 range input as you slide
